Mac GS View 2.0b2
Copyright © 1999-2000 Bernd Heller. All rights reserved.

MacGSView may be distributed only under the conditions of the Aladdin Free Public License.
This software comes with NO WARRANTY. See the file "MacGSView LICENSE" for details.


What is MacGSView?
With MacGSView you can view PostScript and PDF files. You can also print them and 
export them in various formats (including PICT, TIFF, JPEG, PDF).


About Ghostscript
Ghostscript is a free PostScript interpreter from Aladdin Enterprises, it is distributed under
the conditions of the Aladdin Free Public License. See the file "Ghostscript LICENSE" for details.
Ghostscript is distributed with MacGSView as a shared library (GhostScriptLib PPC) and the
two folders "fonts" and "lib".
For more information on Ghostscript, or to download the source code, visit the Ghostscript
home page at http://www.cs.wisc.edu/~ghost/. 


System Requirements
MacGSView work son any Apple Power Macintosh, PowerBook (with PowerPC), iMac, iBook with MacOS 8.6 or later insatlled.
How much memory you really do need depends on the documents you want to open, and at
which resolution you wan to view them. If you have 5MB free for MacGSView to use you
should be able to view most standard size documents.


Features and changes from the 5.50 version of MacGS
€ Ghostscript is no longer part of the application but is loaded dynamically from a
   shared library ("GhostScriptLib PPC").
€ MacGSView handles documents conforming to the Adobe Document Structure
   Convention: you can view/print pages randomly as it really should be. Non-DSC
   files can still only be viewed from the first to the last page, this cannot be
   changed.
€ You can freely zoom in/out of the pages
€ You can render the pages at different color depth and resolutions (depending on free RAM)
€ You can copy a page as PICT to the clipboard
€ You can save PS/PDF documents as PICT, TIFF, JPEG, BMP, PDF, PNG, ... (more to come)
€ You can render multiple documents at the same time
€ VERY basic AppleScript support is implemented (open, close, quit)


Know Issues
€ Some PDF documents don't render correctly
€ Rotated pages are not always handled correctly.
€ MacGSView is incompatible with Action Files: add it to the list of incompatible applications
€ On some machines, rendering takes much more time than really needed. A normal page should
   render in about 1 second on a G3. On such systems it helps to move the mouse or click around
   to speed rendering up.


The Future of MacGSView
I have a lot of ideas how this program can be improved, but as I am developing it, I am looking
at it with other eyes than a user does. So if you have an idea what can be made better
(and how) feel free to tell me. You can contact me via email at mac-gs@aladdin.com.

Internationalization:
MacGSView is fully localizable to any language. If you want to make a localized version of
MacGSView contact me (you will need CodeWarrior, although you will not have to change
anything in the source code) at mac-gs@aladdin.com.
There are already localized versions in progress for the languages French, German and Italian.


Bug Reports
If you find any bugs please send an email to mac-gs@aladdin.com. You should include the
following information:
€ What machine do you have and which system software version do you use
€ Perhaps include the document which didn't work (which page!)


Thanks to all Beta-Testers! You have improved the application a lot by finding bugs, suggesting new features and last but not least motivating me to continue my work.


Version History
18 Feb 2000 - Version 1.0b1 (First Public Beta)

Well, there really should have been a 1.0, but the internal structure changed a lot and there are very many new features, so I decided to call it 2.0b1. There will be no more features added, until a 2.0 release is out.

02 Apr 2000 - Version 2.0b1
- Fixed bugs when exporting PDF documents
- Fixed crash when selecting Page Setup without open windows
- Added toolbar
- Added more Acrobat-like page handling
- Improved performance with big documents
- Fixed 8.6 bug where the export dialog didn't appear
- Fully redesigned Preferences/Export dialogs
- Fixed PICT-Export bugs
- added PNG, PCX, PS, EPS, Fax device
- (almost) the whole application works threaded now, so you can export and view at the same time
- added a Convert function which allows to convert multiple documents in one step, without opening/exporting them one by one
- and many many more

24 Apr 2000 - Version 2.0b2
- Fixed the always enabled "Zoom Window" menu item
- Fixed a bug which left the window inactive after cancelling a print job
- the opening of a file runs in its own thread now
- fixed a bug which caused some PS files with binary data to render only partial
- added a workaround for the nasty NavServices dialog problem in 8.5/6
- the convert function converts all pages of a document now
- changed standard error box for error -25 to "Not enough memory"


---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The installer for this product was created using Installer VISE from
MindVision Software. For more information on Installer VISE, contact:

MindVision Software
7201 North 7th Street
Lincoln, NE 68521-8913
Voice: 402-477-3269
Fax: 402-477-1395
Internet: mindvision@mindvision.com
http://www.mindvision.com
